You can generate my motor anytime x
I'll screwdrive u and loosen ur bolts ;)
I'll give u my hard hat
I'll put my dislocation through ur slip plane x
You're my material son
You're the line vector to my burgers vector
Can I do some virtual work on you;)
Come help me figure out the spring constant of my mattress
Why don't we get together? You can test my hardness while I test your cleavage
I'd like to make a diagram of your free body
Is your body free? Because I want a diagram of it
Nice pi ;)
You must be the square root of negative 1 because there is no way that you can be real.
Would you like to do some radiometric dating on this rock that I have for you?
If you go out with me, I promise I won’t take you for granite.
You must be a fossil because I would love to date you.
Are you a library card? Cos I'd like to check you out.
Are you cos^2? Because I'm sin^2 and together we can be 1. 
Hey son, what's your sin? I bet it's pi/2 because you are the one.
Since distance equals velocity times time, let's let velocity and time approach infinity, because I want to go all the way with you.
Excuse me, but I’m really attracted to you and according to Newton’s laws of gravitation, you’re attracted to me too.
You fascinate me more than the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus.
I wish I were your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves.
Were your parents engineers? Because you have a nice design.
Wanna dance? I can really put your inertia in motion.
Let’s convert our potential energy to kinetic energy.
Nice set of parabolas!
Would you like to be the numerator or the denominator?
I'll take you to the limit as x approaches infinity.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Your body has the nicest arc length I’ve ever seen.
You must be differentiable, because all I see are smooth curves.
Baby what do you say me go make some perpetual motion?
You’re like the top of an Intel Processor - very hot!
I would really like to bisect your angle.
Damn son you must be a strong magnetic field cause you just induced a flow somewhere in me.
I'd like to demonstrate with you simple harmonic motion.
Why don't we measure the coefficient of static friction between me and you?
I like the area bounded by your two curves.
Son when I see that body of yours it creates a stress on my heart and a strain on my "beam".
Hey son, wanna come back to my lab and work with my microprocessor?
So many resistors here but still I can't resist you...
Did you just combust?? Because you’re HOT!
Hey, son are you statically indeterminate? Because I want to figure you out
Hey son, are you a router? Because I saw you checking out my packet
You are like a high amperage current and I’m a high resistance wire, cause you’ve got me hot.
Hi. My name is Windows. Can I crash at your place?
Son, you overclock my processor.
I am ready to git commit.
Have you committed? Cos I'm about to pull.
